Expand Wazuh Docker password changing section (#6205)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deployment-options/docker/wazuh-container.rst

.. warning::

>    You must add all users created on the Wazuh dashboard to the ``internal_users.yml`` file. If you don't, executing this procedure deletes them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If you have custom Wazuh indexer users, add them to the ``internal_users.yml`` file. Otherwise, executing this procedure deletes them.
```

To improve security, you can change the password of a user. For example, you can change the default password of the following Wazuh indexer users.

> -  Wazuh indexer ``admin`` user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``admin`` .
```

> -  Wazuh dashboard ``kibanaserver`` user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  ``kibanaserver``
```
